The more you read and learn, the less your adversary will know.
What is essential in war is victory, not prolonged operations.
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious.
He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.
Hold out baits to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, and crush him.
Management of many is the same as management of few. It is a matter of organization.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
The art of giving orders is not to try to rectify the minor blunders and not to be swayed by petty doubts.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
Secret operations are essential in war- upon them the army relies to make its every move.
The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.
The quality of decision is like the well-timed swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy its victim.
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.
Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy.
And therefore those skilled in war bring the enemy to the field of battle and are not brought there by him.
Subtle and insubstantial, the expert leaves no trace- divinely mysterious, he is inaudible. Thus he is master of his enemy's fate.
To a surrounded enemy, you must leave a way of escape.
Too frequent rewards indicate that the general is at the end of his resources- too frequent punishments that he is in acute distress.
To see victory only when it is within the ken of the common herd is not the acme of excellence.
A leader leads by example not by force.
A skilled commander seeks victory from the situation and does not demand it of his subordinates.
If your opponent is of choleric temperment, seek to irritate him.
One defends when his strength is inadequate, he attacks when it is abundant.
Being unconquerable lies with yourself- being conquerable lies with your enemy.
The expert in battle seeks his victory from strategic advantage and does not demand it from his men.
Where the army is, prices are high- when prices rise the wealth of the people is exhausted.
In peace prepare for war, in war prepare for peace.
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.
The true objective of war is peace.
You cannot stop innovation.
